HSEARCH-4204 Expose the Elasticsearch index names in the metamodel API (#2566)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/backend-elasticsearch.asciidoc

----
====

=== Retrieving the read and write index names

> Index or alias names used to read and write can be retrieved from the `LuceneIndexManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index or alias names used to read and write can be retrieved from the <<mapper-orm-mapping-inspect,metamodel>>.
```
